SQL Injection
SQL Injection is a common
web application vulnerability
that is caused by unsanitized user input
being inserted into queries
and subsequently passed
to a database for execution.
Queries are used to
interact with a database,
such as inserting or retrieving data.
If we can inject malicious
input into a query,
we can “break out” of the original
query made by the developers
and introduce our own malicious actions.
These types of vulnerabilities can
lead to database information leakage
and, depending on the environment,
could lead to complete server compromise.
In this section,
we will examine SQL injection attacks
under a PHP/MariaDB environment.
While the concepts are the
same for other environments,
the syntax used during an attack
may need to be updated to accommodate
different database engines
or scripting languages.